You guys are ready for the next step.
So one thing that I want to do before anything any more ph be colder here is that I want to make sure
that my resoled are all right.
OK.
Basically you know kill the page or show me a result.
That's what a function is doing.
We it is confirmed Querrey function somewhere in this function.
PH We look it up it's there.
So we want to make sure that our resoled is now right.
We need to display some type of information so that where we can fit it just in case something happens.
I know that some of you have been out of the game for a while but get get back to me OK get back to
the horse.
So what I want to do is I want to change these class.
I don't want to but C I won one book.
And I want to change that class.
I want you to display on like or like depending if the user liked the post so we can create this BHB
saying if you haven't I think already show you how to do this two things here.
Ten are already there so I did I did in the course a couple of times.
So what I want to do is I want to echo and let's use this user like posts.
Let's do the ID and I want to call if they use it like that.
I want to echo on like if it's true right.
Like I said class and if they use it then I like it.
I wanted to use it to like it.
Simple as that.
That's that's all I wanted there guys.
And we don't need to make it more complicated than what it is.
It's just that.
So let's go back here.
I know thing we're not going to see down as we go to inspect element.
We want to change this here as well.
So let's get this BHB esteeming or the whole thing.
We get it right.
Right.
OK.
And then there we go and he's got to capitalize this and that.
So let's go back here and let's refresh this.
And this is breaking.
See what I told you.
The whole page is breaking.
Something is going on OK.
Let's go back to functions and we're acquiring the result here.
And let's go and look for these functions I'm not seeing any of these confirm Querrey.
I want to be able to see.
Let's go up.
I think I made that functional all the way up
anyway.
I think it was.
I thought it was here somewhere.
Going from Querrey
as I suppose to video.
But anyway as you can see here we are
if it's not resold then we of course die.
Kill the database and show the error.
We're not seeing the error here but maybe if we go to Pyu view page source we can see that it says classic
commands out of sync.
You can't run this command.
Now of course I can google these Arab but I think I have a pretty good idea what that is.
So we are creating we are to by relief.
Let's go back here and you can see that we are inside this prepared statement loop or as TMT whatever
fetch and we have this statement here you see it and my Eskew L and this is something that you don't
know if you haven't really looked into it or study any my issue or stuff it does not allow you to execute
an inquiry where there are still rules to be fetch that are in progress.
OK so if we have stuff that is still in progress going on inside this loop we can do anything unless
we free it.
OK.
So what I want to do is after I'm done with it.
Right here.
In this loop I want to free it.
And I believe they do have a every API or BHB as to how some some of this stuff s t m t free yes free
salt and I'm going to free the s t TMT.
OK so once I do that I can actually you know take this to a function or something but once I do that
then my son says once I do that once I did that everything should be good.
But we need to do it before this thing and here.
So right after content we need to free that souls so that where we can leverage a little bit around
with this go so let's free that resort and we should be backing track with this.
We can just put a common here real quick
freeing resoled.
OK let's go back here.
And refresh.
OK.
Like it's not now it's working.
All right.
So now it looks like it's working let me click here and you can see now that is not changing.
Let's refresh.
And now it did change.
And I think I have a pretty good idea why it did not change.
It's because we're using
this is like we need a Tref I don't know what a ref is all the way down here where he's always doesn't
have any Tref really what happened to our age ref.
That's next to this.
All right here right here.
So we're just going to take the hash symbol from the ref to the way that page can refresh.
We also want this like to have a space here.
Right here.
So that way we can see the Tom the icon separated from the word a little bit.
So let's do this let's refresh and you can see now we click on it.
He says like any We go to our database
we can see that this post has two legs.
OK.
We need to delete that.
But if we go here that's deleted let's delete everything where to make sure this work is working because
what it is is that on like is not you see that and Delight's
OK.
That said we should be good here
study this
OK.
So we got that now let's go back here.
Let's refresh this a little bit.
Let's click like let's go back to our database and let's refresh this.
And you can see that he has one like.
Now if we go back to that pose
we can see that he says like OK.
So that means we have a like and you like right here as well.
OK.
Number five let's click on like he says like now we should see here no likes refresh no likes.
And then when we go to polls we should see that that is go back back to zero as he does.
OK.
Really really awesome stuff guys we are done with this.
Yes I like some of the lectures just to make it a little better and make our whole implication a lot
better.
Right.
Remember you can change the font size of this.
I can show you a quick way of doing that.
As a matter of fact let's do it right now.
What you guys think you guys ready.
Let's do it.
So I'm going to go.
I'm just going to do this real quick I'm going to go to the head are actually not going to even go to
any style show or anything like that.
And I know that it's inside a spam and lie.
I call on
lexicon Tom.
It's
I don't know if it's thumbs down thumbs up.
I think it is.
And fun size
is let's just make it maybe 22 pitchers or something like that.
OK.
Let's go and see maybe this is wrong.
Tom's
I don't know if I have this correct.
Let's just check fresh.
That's not working.
Let's make this important here with a question mark and that because I know Bush Shrub is there but
no that's not working.
I might have this wrong here guys.
If I can let's go back to refresh guys.
You're welcome to go to the next lecture.
We're done with.
I'm just going to play a little bit around to try to get this to work.
You can see that there has doesn't only a class of like.
So if we wanted to we may want to make this work we could Jos use that class.
OK let's add it right here.
A Like let's see that refresh and then you can see that I went up.
OK.
Perfect.
So I think we we're done with this like function to hear but we need to get these lights out of the
database.
OK.
So I'll see you in and then let let your guys take your.